# **Introduction**  

  The survival analysis method this paper delves into is landmarking, which dynamically predicts an individual’s specific risk of an event occurring using continuously updated longitudinal data. In this type of analysis, landmark time points are established, and predictions are made solely using individuals at risk at those specific time points. Landmarking is advantageous over joint modeling, as it requires fewer computational resources and is easier to implement (Hossain and Khondoker 2022). Furthermore, it has benefits over the extended Cox model, as it imposes a less stringent proportional hazards assumption (Barrott et al. 2022), assuming that the hazard ratio for time-dependent covariates is proportional only over the period between the landmark time and the prediction horizon, rather than over the complete study period (Pusarla and Alla 2025). 

  Within this paper, we will analyze the features of the Landmarking R package created by Barrott et al. (2022). The Exposition of the Method section provides details on the theory underlying the Landmarking technique, including the assumptions on which it is based and its advantages over other methods. The Methods section includes applied code from the R package, explained at every step, to familiarize potential users with the differences among several feature choices, alongside a general description of the dataset. In the Results section, four models of interest are compared using predictive modeling evaluation metrics, and the predictive results and hazard ratios are interpreted for a hypothetical patient.
